So over the last lectures I show you a lot how you can get data.
Now of course I also want to show you how you can post data to a server and for Debbie get the ad a
post area here at the bottom.
It's managed by the new post component which is a class based component which manages its own state
and hence is a container because we're not passing or distributing the state to any other components.
And now I want to hook up this ad post button to essentially send a POST request to our Dammy backend
for this.
First of all add a Meffert the post data handler or post post handler if you want to do it.
And then there of course I need to use x yes.
Now first of all let's hope this method up by adding the on click listener down there this postdate
a handler.
And now let's import years so we can send a post request.
Now say think post requests.
Still use the axes object.
But now of course not the get method but the post method.
The post if it still takes a u r l as an input and for our dummy back end we can simply use the same
or else we used for the get request it also accepts post requests.
Now a post request needs more than you are Eldo it needs a second argument which is that data we want
to send because obviously a post request without data does make that much sense.
The data I want to send is a javascript object which contains title body an offer of a post.
So I'll create a new constant which should be a javascript object and there will set up a title to this
state title.
I'll set the body to this state content and you can of course choose any properties you want for that
object and I will set the offer to this state of offer.
Again you can add more.
You can expand this form here at the bottom of course.
Then I will said post this constant your second argument to the post method.
And of course this is just called post because what resubmitting is some data about a post you can name
does what ever you want.
You can also named as data.
Now you can also pass a third argument to configure this request but we don't need that.
You're important for us.
This of course is a javascript object but Access will automatically basically string you fighters so
turned us into Jason data.
It will do it for us just as it extract the adjacent data and get requests for us too.
And now does all of course runs asynchronously.
We can listen to the response just like we can do it for get requests and we can present it to the console
here.
Now let's try this out.
Let's save this.
Let's open the console and let's enter some content here.
Does some test content maybe switch you offer to menu and hit ad post.
And here's the response status text 201 which indicates that it was successful and now that dummy back
into here won't store the data of course it just returns the data in the response so that we can see
that we did send it successfully and looks like we did.
Does this to date.
We did send again for a real server of course for your own server.
You probably have some logic on the server to dentals the stored is in the database.
This is how we can post data that is all that's do it just exchanging the word here the name of the
method and passing the data as a second argument.
And now we can also send data to servers.